README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://slack.com">Slack</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Due to Slack's new
> [redesign](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/blog/productivity/a-redesigned-slack-built-for-focus),
> the theme strings don't directly apply the
> palette, and instead they are mapped to Slack's built-in colors. However, the
> theme strings work as intended on older versions of Slack.

1. Click your profile picture in the bottom left.
2. Head to `Preferences` → `Themes`
3. Copy one of the [theme strings](#theme-strings) below.
4. Paste theme string into `Import theme`

### Theme Strings

- **Latte** (Make sure to enable light mode!)
  ```
  #EFF1F5,#F8F8FA,#8839EF,#EFF1F5,#DCE0E8,#4C4F69,#8839EF,#E64553,#EFF1F5,#4C4F69
  ```
- **Frappé**
  ```
  #303446,#F8F8FA,#CA9EE6,#303446,#232634,#C6D0F5,#CA9EE6,#EA999C,#303446,#C6D0F5
  ```
- **Macchiato**
  ```
  #24273A,#F8F8FA,#C6A0F6,#24273A,#181926,#CAD3F5,#C6A0F6,#EE99A0,#24273A,#CAD3F5
  ```
- **Mocha**
  ```
  #1E1E2E,#F8F8FA,#CBA6F7,#1E1E2E,#11111B,#CDD6F4,#CBA6F7,#EBA0AC,#1E1E2E,#CDD6F4
  ```

## 💝 Thanks to

- [qupufu](https://github.com/qupufu)
- [Hammy](https://github.com/sgoudham)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs(README): keep legacy instructions
The redesign is being rolled out gradually
so it's worth keeping the old instructions
in the README for now.

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://slack.com">Slack</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/slack/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/slack?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/slack/main/assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Due to Slack's new
> [redesign](https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/blog/productivity/a-redesigned-slack-built-for-focus),
> the theme strings don't directly apply the
> palette, and instead they are mapped to Slack's built-in colors. However, the
> theme strings work as intended on older versions of Slack.

### Redesign

1. Click your profile picture in the bottom left.
2. Head to `Preferences` → `Themes`
3. Copy one of the [theme strings](#theme-strings) shown below.
4. Paste theme string into `Import theme`

### Legacy

1. Open Slack Desktop, click your profile picture in the top right.
2. Head to `Preferences` → `Themes`
3. Copy one of the [theme strings](#theme-strings) shown below.
3. Below `Colors`, click `Create a custom theme`, and paste your theme string.

### Theme Strings

- **Latte** (Make sure to enable light mode!)
  ```
  #EFF1F5,#F8F8FA,#8839EF,#EFF1F5,#DCE0E8,#4C4F69,#8839EF,#E64553,#EFF1F5,#4C4F69
  ```
- **Frappé**
  ```
  #303446,#F8F8FA,#CA9EE6,#303446,#232634,#C6D0F5,#CA9EE6,#EA999C,#303446,#C6D0F5
  ```
- **Macchiato**
  ```
  #24273A,#F8F8FA,#C6A0F6,#24273A,#181926,#CAD3F5,#C6A0F6,#EE99A0,#24273A,#CAD3F5
  ```
- **Mocha**
  ```
  #1E1E2E,#F8F8FA,#CBA6F7,#1E1E2E,#11111B,#CDD6F4,#CBA6F7,#EBA0AC,#1E1E2E,#CDD6F4
  ```

## 💝 Thanks to

- [qupufu](https://github.com/qupufu)
- [Hammy](https://github.com/sgoudham)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
